# CS-340
SNHU CS-340 repository for Full Stack Web Application
Q: How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
A: Every program needs excellent documentation to supplement the code and comments to allow for maintainability, while proper use of functions and methods will enable a program to be adaptable. Using the username and password as parameters of the method, for example, allows for flexibility in how they're inputted or stored for future use. I plan to use this CRUD module as a base for another database I plan to implement as it provides the structure of core functionality. 

Q: How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
A: The approach will differ primarily based on the requirements of the problem. The deviation for this application was largely dependent on a user-friendly experience as the presumed user of the database would not have the necessary knowledge to conduct searches otherwise. I think this is a strategy I will use towards fulfilling other projects as the end-user needs to be a top consideration for any product.

Q: What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
A: The application of computer science to real-world problems enables computer scientists to provide solutions to complicated or time-intensive tasks. This application, for example, allows Grazioso Salvare to find ideal candidates for their rescue training without searching each animal shelter individually or manually. Hopefully, this application would prevent candidates from worse outcomes. 
